README.md, before:

### Date created
project created on 21 Nov 2020.

### Project Title
US bikeshare exploration project

### Description
in this project, we are evaluating the descriptive statistics of the bikeshare data across different cities and user groups in US

### Files used
following were the input files were used for the project:
1. chicago.csv
2. washington.csv
3. new_york_city.csv
following is the code file that needs to be executed: 
bikeshare.py

### Method to execute the code
Clone the project
Prerequisite
    You must have installed python and libraries like numpy and pandas.
Run the project
    Open the terminal
    Run python bikeshare.py

### Expected Output
Following is the output upon executing the code

Popular times of travel (i.e., occurs most often in the start time)
    most common month
    most common day of week
    most common hour of day
Popular stations and trip
    most common start station
    most common end station
    most common trip from start to end (i.e., most frequent combination of start station and end station)
Trip duration
    total travel time
    average travel time
User info
    counts of each user type
    counts of each gender (only available for NYC and Chicago)
    earliest, most recent, most common year of birth (only available for NYC and Chicago)

### Credits
https://www.python-course.eu/python3_input.php
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/23294658/asking-the-user-for-input-until-they-give-a-valid-response
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2847386/python-string-and-integer-concatenation
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/19377969/combine-two-columns-of-text-in-dataframe-in-pandas-python

Commit message:

added Pre-requisite system setup in README

README.md, after:

### Date created
project created on 21 Nov 2020.

### Project Title
US bikeshare exploration project

### Description
in this project, we are evaluating the descriptive statistics of the bikeshare data across different cities and user groups in US

### Pre-requisite system setup
I used the following IDE, packages and software to execute this project:
    Python 3, NumPy, and pandas installed using Anaconda
    Visual Studio Code
    Terminal on Mac
It is advisable to have something similar or  the exact setup on your machine to execute this package. 

### Files used
following were the input files were used for the project:
1. chicago.csv
2. washington.csv
3. new_york_city.csv
following is the code file that needs to be executed: 
bikeshare.py

### Method to execute the code
Clone the project
Prerequisite
    You must have installed python and libraries like numpy and pandas.
Run the project
    Open the terminal
    Run python bikeshare.py

### Expected Output
Following is the output upon executing the code

Popular times of travel (i.e., occurs most often in the start time)
    most common month
    most common day of week
    most common hour of day
Popular stations and trip
    most common start station
    most common end station
    most common trip from start to end (i.e., most frequent combination of start station and end station)
Trip duration
    total travel time
    average travel time
User info
    counts of each user type
    counts of each gender (only available for NYC and Chicago)
    earliest, most recent, most common year of birth (only available for NYC and Chicago)

### Credits
https://www.python-course.eu/python3_input.php
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/23294658/asking-the-user-for-input-until-they-give-a-valid-response
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2847386/python-string-and-integer-concatenation
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/19377969/combine-two-columns-of-text-in-dataframe-in-pandas-python
